the first two episodes of detail are now
available on ESPN plus you can download
the new ESPN app and start your free
trial of ESPN plus today and we are
delighted to welcome Kobe Bryant to the
program live here on get up and so Kobe
through your own words and we're just
watching some of this and it's
fascinating I didn't want it to end
can you in your own words can you give
us a sense of what fans can expect to
see on detail well is this more of a
strategic breakdown you know figuring
out exactly what the defense is doing
what a player is facing and then how to
counter that you know very specifically
you know when I watched film you never
go into watching film having all the
answers right you have to be able to
keep an open mind and observe what it's
actually happened and how dealing for
and not only looking at why things work
but also looking at opportunities that
you may have missed that may be there in
game to game theory game for game club
or whatever so it's more and more and
more of that one of that detail
breakdown and we look forward to it I've
got Jalen sitting right here and I will
tell you right now that why I'm begging
you at some point to break down the 81
point the two of you in the tape room
looking at that's all-time greatness
heyday limited never gonna let you live
that down
you did it to me it's all off it's all
along I appreciate the fact that you've
become a mentor and a Yoda for so many
of the current players so to speak and
it was really hard for me to decide who
was gonna win MVP whether it was James
Harden in the 65 wins averaging 30 plus
points or LeBron James basically flirtin
with a triple-double each night if you
had a vote who would you have chosen
well you know I think James has done so
much all season long knowing for the
last two years he's been playing
phenomenally well and had not been for
Westbrook's historical run last year you
certainly wouldn't want to NDP last year
and I think you know with Russell by the
way just yeah I was another
triple-double again this season but I
think what James is done from Game one
all the way through game 82 deserves
rewarded I mean the guys worked his butt
off for the entire season and it's got
his team to the place where they are now
you know I just don't know what there's
left for him to do to average any VP
Rookie of the Year voting is going to be
very interesting this year because Ben
Simmons who looks like a generational
talent is probably going to win it but
some people and I'm one of them think
that by being around the NBA for a full
year he sort of has an almost unfair
advantage over those guys who were
playing in college as recently as a year
ago what is your sense of whether or not
the Rookie of the Year is something the
league might want to look into changing
the way they structure the award yeah I
think you know both played extremely
well you know my definition is still a
rookie so you know you deserve Zeleny
Award as does Mitchell it is listen they
both had I've had outstanding year so
yeah I think it's I think it's pretty
funny too sick or we sit around listen
to people debate whether or not Ben
Simmons is a rookie or not his first
year playing so you know even though
he's had the experience of sitting
around and observed the game right going
through the travel and things like that
things that kind of get acclimated to
the game you still got to go out there
and play good guy go out and perform
black mamba what do you think about how
the scenario with Kawhi Leonard in the
Spurs has played out
he's only participated in nine games
this year they're currently in the
playoffs and allegedly he's in New York
City working out and there's been a
controversy of whether people feel like
he should be with the team or not well I
don't know what's going on there I mean
it's uh you know same kind of a mystery
as far as I can tell man nobody really
knows the extent of the situation so you
know I I'm not going to comment on I
wish I knew more I knew more I'd
certainly have opinion but I really
don't know what the hell's well it's not
a hundred percent clear they do either
at this point and maybe that's the
biggest problem there quickly let's jump
to the Lakers obviously the team with
which you played your entire career and
you'll always be associated it's an
interesting time with them what is your
sense of what their future is right now
is is is it going into the free agent
market in a huge way Lonzo ball magic
said is the big summer for him what is
your sense of where the Lakers
right now well yeah I think they've
assembled there are some great talents
you know the funny thing about it is you
know if you take the Golden State
Warriors when all those players first
came to the team and you move that team
from going to state to Los Angeles
everybody would be calling that you're
rid of everybody right steps hurt all
the time
clay can't create his own shot during my
agreeable position as he play right in
Golden State instead was able to fly
below the radar and develop these
players and all of a sudden here they
are exited with the team that's
potential dynasty because they had the
patience to develop them now I say that
to say the Lakers have tremendous young
roster
you know LA the magic bullet pack
unbelievable options and cap space to
play with so they're gonna make all the
right moves and make the smart decisions
they put themselves in a great position
Kobe you've accomplished so much as a
basketball player and as an entrepreneur
but how excited were you to win an Oscar
and how did you serve
I didn't you know it was just one of
those things we were just like man wait
am I doing here
yeah I was just playing basketball and
now here I am sitting at the Academy
Awards for writing something that's the
surreal experience you know but it's you
know I think it's I try to use it as
inspiration for all of us athletes
because you know I mean it's hard to
retire and you know move on to dudes and
something else Galen you've been one of
the guys that's been able to do all
successfully
Michael straight hands moves on success
there's been a few guys who've been able
to do it now we know how hard it is to
do because you even told your whole life
that this is your identity and now it's
time to walk away from your identity and
find a new one and it's very very tough
so when the Academy Award is hopefully
it will be inspiration for other
athletes to be able to walk away from
the sport that you love you can watch
the first two episodes of detail they're
available right now on ESPN plus you can
download the new ESPN app and start your
free trial of ESPN plus today and you
will see plenty there of Kobe Bryant
Kobe thanks a million for doing this
best of luck with the series we'll talk
again soon
oh yeah I remember you say today I want
to be faithful man
I found thanks for joining us